Clarification to question (#3056)
enkidevs/curriculum: sql/dql/aggregate-queries/distinct-clause.md

## Revision

> Consider the following table named GRADES with the following query. Fill the gaps such that we will have no duplicate NAME's in the resulting table:

Reviewer: Hey @rettal,

Thanks for taking the time to improve this question!

I have a couple of minor suggestions:
- we should enclose the table & column names in backticks
- we should remove the possessive (NAME's) & change it to plural (NAMEs)

```suggestion
Consider the following table named `GRADES` with the following query. Fill the gaps such that we will have no duplicate `NAME`s in the resulting table:
```
